cloud: add release note for renaming SQL Editor to Chat2Query (#11914)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-roadmap.md

    <td>Support loading sample datasets into a cluster. You can use this data to quickly get started with testing the features of TiDB Cloud.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>     <td>✅ Add a SQL editor.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
    <td>✅ Add Chat2Query (an AI-powered SQL editor).</td>
```

>     <td>Write and run SQL queries, and view the results in the TiDB console.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
    <td>In Chat2Query, you can either let AI generate SQL queries automatically or write SQL queries manually, and run SQL queries against databases without a terminal.</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Optimize Playground.</td>

>     <td>Improve interactivity combined with the new SQL editor, and guide users to finish the tutorial.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
    <td>Improve interactivity combined with Chat2Query, and guide users to finish the tutorial.</td>
```
